Sports Day
Today is the school sports day.
Peppa and herfriends are all here.
The first event is running.
The children have to run
as fast us they can.
I think I will win.
I can run very fast.
I'm faster than you.
Ready... Steady... Go.
I can run at a hundred miles an hour.
I can run at a million miles an hour.
Peppa. Suzy.
Stop talking and run.
Oh.
Rebecca Rabbit is in the lead.
Oh, dear!
Peppa and Suzy are right at the back.
Come on, Rebecca! Come on, Danny.
Come on, Peppa! Come on, Suzy!
Rebecca Rabbit wins.
And Peppa and Suzy are last.
The winner of the race
is Rebecca Rabbit.
Hooray.
Thank you.
I would have won
if you hadn't been talking to me, Suzy.
Now, now, Pepaa.
Remember,
it's not winning that matters,
but taking part.
Yes, Daddy.
The next event is the long jump.
George and Richard have to see
who can jump the furthest.
George, run as fast as you can,
then jump as far as you can.
George, ready... steady... Go!
George has jumped as far as he can.
Now, it's Richard Rabbit's turn.
If Richard doesn't run,
he won't jump very far.
Richard Rabbit, Ready... Steady... Go.
Richard Rabbit has jumped
further than George.
And the winner is Richard Rabbit.
Hooray!!!
Waaaaaaa!
George, remember,
it's not the winning that matters,
but taking part.
The next race is the relay.
Each child needs to
pick a parent to race.
Peppa, pick me, pick me.
But Daddy,
You're not very good at running.
I was very good
when I was a little piggy.
But now you have a big tummy.
But I can still touch my toes nearly.
All right, Daddy.
But you must run very fast.
The Mummies and Daddies
will run the first part of the race.
And then hand the batons
to the children.
Mummies and Daddies.
Ready? Steady, Go!
RUN, Daddy. Mummy.
Daddy Pig is in the lead.
Come on, Daddy, Mummy.
Come on Daddy.
Thank you, Daddy.
You did very well.
Now, it's my turn to take the baton.
Peppa, stop talking and run.
Oh.
Keep running, go on.
And the winner is Emily Elephant.
Hooray.
Oh, Daddy,
I haven't won a prize yet.
Don't worry, Peppa.
There's still one more event.
And now for the last event of the day.
The tug of war.
Boys are against girls.
When I say go, you must
pull the rope with all yourstrength.
The girls will win.
No, they won't. The boys will win.
Ready! Steady! Go!
Come on, boys.
Come on, pull.
Come on, the girls, pull.
I am pulling.
Everyone is pulling so hard
the rope is breaking.
And the result is a draw.
So both teams win.
Hooray.
I love the school sports day.
Especially when I win a prize.